Updates the guide from Palo's to Panorama (#1290)
hmcts/azure-platform-terraform: migrate-appgateway.md

  - palo_ips: IP address for the new `frontendappgateway`. Specify same values for both uksouth and ukwest
  - index: Pick the next available number
  
#### Panorama
- Update the [`address objects`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/tree/master/components/configuration/groups/objects/address-objects) terraform file with the following

>   - Locate the current address object entry (`AKS-<ENV>APPGW`) for the current frontend application gateway. Directly below this entry, add an address object for the new `frontendappgateway` using a `CFT-` name suffix with the new IP address [`example here`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168/files#diff-0c42cd3d1ea545d1d517f97c83b27056c2ccb88b6c3b38ebc481e4efdf0cdd8a)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Locate the current address object entry (`AKS-<ENV>-APPGW`) for the current frontend application gateway. Directly below this entry, add an address object for the new `frontendappgateway` prefixing the name with `CFT-` with the [`new IP address`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168/files#diff-0c42cd3d1ea545d1d517f97c83b27056c2ccb88b6c3b38ebc481e4efdf0cdd8a)
```

>   - Locate the [`address group`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/blob/master/components/configuration/groups/objects/address-groups/03-address-groups-nonprod.tf) entry (`AKS-<ENV>-APPGW`) for the current frontend application. Add an entry for server object created above (`CFT-AKS-<ENV>-APPGW`) [`example here`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168/files#diff-526b80efaa7838cfbedc705a9fd7597d84ad49d04691315a8dcb88a611eea27d)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Locate the [`address group`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/blob/master/components/configuration/groups/objects/address-groups/03-address-groups-nonprod.tf) entry (`AKS-<ENV>-APPGW`) for the current frontend application. [`Add an entry for server object`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168/files#diff-526b80efaa7838cfbedc705a9fd7597d84ad49d04691315a8dcb88a611eea27d) created above (`CFT-AKS-<ENV>-APPGW`)
```

>   - Locate the [`security policy rule`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/blob/master/components/configuration/groups/policies/security-policy-rules/05-policy-rules-nonprod.tf) for the current AppGw and add in the new address object for the new AppGw [`example here`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168/files#diff-05ae6c1cde1822a3a1ab839cbd6f072c75bec4a02ffbbcee5cef83c19b0ed302)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Locate the [`security policy rule`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/blob/master/components/configuration/groups/policies/security-policy-rules/05-policy-rules-nonprod.tf) for the current AppGw and [`add in the new address object`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168/files#diff-05ae6c1cde1822a3a1ab839cbd6f072c75bec4a02ffbbcee5cef83c19b0ed302) for the new AppGw
```

- Further information on the panoramas can be found in the [`hub-panorama-terraform repo additonal materials section`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform#additional-materials)

See [`Example Panorma PR`](https://github.com/hmcts/hub-panorama-terraform/pull/168)

> After merging PR for the changes above, confirm the [hmcts.hub-terraform-hub-dmz](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_build?definitionId=226) pipeline run complete successfully without errors for the Azure Firewall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging PR for the changes above, confirm both the [hmcts.hub-terraform-hub-dmz](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_build?definitionId=226) pipeline run completes successfully without errors for the Azure Firewall
```

> Confirm the [`hmcts.hub-panorama-terraform](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_build?definitionId=527) pipeline run complete successfully without errors for Panorama

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the [`hmcts.hub-panorama-terraform](https://dev.azure.com/hmcts/PlatformOperations/_build?definitionId=527) pipeline run completes successfully without errors for Panorama
```
